miami abel I see you surrounded by weird people
and
I'm always very cosmopolitan, it's not very
cosmopolitan is not like cosmopolitan
I am as ported as the hotel
the watering that the first one after there's
many people are that herrera gta iv there
something I invite you, my mother, over
by the end
well you're not next to me
soldier abel me with visible
you see that you want to fuck me the sow
not to see you take the missiles and wait
that when I put the poster is that there
to distribute here send here
eye on foot the fucking
from my mother, my mother, my mother
but what is this uncle but what is this
abel has caught me I've gone through and
where he does not give it to me now he has given me a lot
does not mean anything but but do not say
nothing because my mom are pumping up to
the night on fire the first time
divide fair
with the punctured wheels
of missiles over there but this this how
goes the truth uncle with a mine seriously or
it puts me in a mine seriously
everything had happened to me alone
I'm asking but let's go all
being a mother
ok we present here more people out there
over there my mother my mother
but as it is
but that you really spend
worth here skid here is worth and there
that lower the rates to my mother that
crankcase I've eaten in them we go but
passed half a point or had gone through
without catching again
but twice wrong
minutes visited this gift
we go
let's read
there is a hole told me today they gave birth to me
and one thing
now he has put a
a round and a half animal that is already
you will tell me shit is something crazy I get out
for scratching my eye
prayer is what I have spent the point
that we have 32 minutes of running
Uncle cojones
two
has destroyed one of them could not pass
the second quarter and second
putting together gave was worse if I can not pass
they fall dead to what uncle all the time to
see I have to be smart of not being
smart voucher okay, do not shit on me
I can not I can not I can not
it's not like you can not fuck dude and rage
there are many dead people and in the middle you know
I can not pass is to say before
send the jump and they burst me but there
to go back up after
more food I'm going to do here we're
moving vale
ok let's go little by little if not
they kill me I can get going
worth worth worth worth it if I get
it does not kill me if they do not kill me
come on I do not have a car
now goodbye
we left the tiger had there
you go in first round or in second
someone had missiles
that's been treacherous kid has
been patrolman little by little take your uncle
to win everything I 've spent three villages
are giving this more explosive than
Uncle career is all the time die die
die
let's see
to come here is fine
- want to please
my mother is very good very good but not
now
positions now
we are here for there
a container fuck you can on 12
kid
there are corpses to kitty or expensive and that's what
that we have passed to my second and I think
how are we
- attention that we will still have in
effect of fact if he was seventh
nooo mine uncle
I see you I'm seeing you I'm watching you
seen calcined and you've finished I've seen
who is back
today we go
chilies
Turbo
OK
we go
I'm all this
raising the sample above
left
a little here
but it has a few
I had no mines that I should have
bought this life because I would have
swollen poster well then
moment is going to be done in that ones
how many
one
I will not wait to kill him I shit on
everything could not in the mine
Efe may be you open in the east of that
exact type of real income of c4
I was going to put there they are going to eat and
say but a few in the eighth
it almost happens to you in the eighth but thrown
for the mine of the eggs uncle